The players around the poker table dominated the room.


Taxi Ray, an old sailor straight out of a comic book; he had an blue anchor tattoo on his arm and 
always challenged people to a game of gin rummy (which he rarely lost). G.I. Joe, an old drunk who 
could barely hold his cards up (let alone his shined head), would occasionally pass out at the 
table with a cigarette in his mouth, ashed in the middle but pristine on either end. He would 
sometimes wake up in a snap, push all-in, lose, and then slurr at us “I’ma call mah momma on you” 
when he lost. Next to them sat Nick and Striker. Nick was a cubicle slave, pen-pusher by day, but 
by night turned into a poker playing, Elton John afficionado; if he was there, Elton was on the 
jukebox with Nick screaming lyrics out. Striker was Nick’s best friend. He was in the Coast Guard, 
but the only thing he patrolled was the weed and hookers at each port. His marriage was in 
shambles. The owner of the bar, Carla, played with us as often as she could. She was a worn-looking 
woman. A look at her told you that she snorted way to much coke, smoked too many cigarettes, and it 
seemed like a small bottle of Sutter Homes was always attached to her hand. Her boyfriend, whose 
name I forget, would sometimes play with us, but usually he played pool. He was from Indiana and he 
liked to laugh that I was the first person he ever met in Florida.
Apparently the night I challenged him to a game of pool was the first interaction he’d had with 
anyone since moving. He was nice. He also beat the shit out of Carla. In turn, she would 
occasionally break a bottle and cut him. They seemed happy. There was Scotty, a successful young 
computer software engineer who owned a room in his house filled with 20 Terrabyte shelves. He ran a 
server. He probably played poker a little too much and lost too often. His wife once fucked my dad. 
Chuck was always there. Chuck was an odd person; odder than the rest. When I first met him, he was 
selling a nutritional supplement that he swore could cure cancer. He gave me a sample and it had a 
sharp taste, like cough medicine mixed with lemon juice. It turned my pee neon green. “Those are 
the toxins leaving your  body” he told me. He also used to tell people that he was psychic and 
would occasionally attempt a prediction or reading which he always got wrong. He was the one who 
taught me how to deal. He showed me how to shuffle properly, how to deal the cards out quickly, 
making sure to keep my arm and wrist in a flowing motion to give the card a subtle arc that let it 
fly straight to each target. He showed  me how to stack chips, as well as stack a deck. I remember 
when hurricane Katrina blew out the windows of his apartment overlooking the Intercoastal Waterway, 
he slept through it, even as water dripped on his head through the light fixture in the ceiling. 
The last I heard he was a line cook in some dingy bar. After the triple bypass he had, I’m assuming 
he died, never mending his relationship with his kids. Tomas was playing that night as well. He was 
another dealer who I usually had to compete with for the opportunity to deal a game. He was younger 
than the rest, enjoying his life and trying to have some fun before he started trying to establish 
a career. The nail on his pinky finger was a coke-nail. When I asked him why it was so long, he 
laughed and said it was a fashion thing. I believed him. When I used to play him in Soul Calibur he 
would get furious at how often I’d beat him, and stop playing for a week before he came back. 
Carlos was also playing, which means this memory of mine takes place before he got sent to jail for 
6 years for selling 3 kilos of coke to an undercover police officer. He could have gotten off with 
3, but when he missed his court date (because he was hungover), the prosecutor got pissed and added 
4 more years. He didn’t give up any of his contacts. My dad drove Carlos’ leased Honda Accord for 
three years illegally before he had to give it up; he used to steal license plates to get the 
registration off of them so he could keep his updated. He would hold the license plate over a 
toaster until the heat let him peal the sticker off, and then he would tape it to Carlos’ car. That 
was my dad, sitting next to Carlos. If it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t have started playing pool at 
10, and been dealing poker at this bar when I was 14. We only started playing poker because we were 
trying to find a new place to play pool, since the last bar started to get upset that he was 
bringing his 11 year old son into a bar to play pool until 2 in the morning. Nobody else seemed to 
mind since they got a kick out of an 11 year old consistently beating people at a bar, competing in 
pool bar-tournaments against Flavio, a South American professional who I only just lost to because 
I decided to bank the 8-ball instead of cutting it. When I missed, there was a collective sigh 
throughout the bar, I had no idea everyone had been watching. And then there was me:

14 years old on a Friday night, with $250 in pocket to give out to 1st and 2nd place. I was a great 
fucking dealer, and I got paid $50 a game, plus tips. I was in high school bringing home $200 a 
weekend. I was surrounded by degenerates, coke-addicts, and alcoholics, who for some reason I loved 
and considered a family of sorts. They gave me advice on girls, life, school, health, and generally 
seemed to care that I did well in life. I think they saw in me an opportunity to rectify some 
mistakes in their lives, or act like the older brother, or parent they wish they had, or could be. 
Or maybe I’m just being a sentimental asshole. I remember dealing a house game once and someone was 
doing a line of coke on the table, another person was passing around a pipe, and when it got to me, 
I just casually passed it to the person next to me. My dad looked proud that I didn’t even 
hesitate. He never did drugs around me. He always waited
until I left for the week.                          

The car could be seen in the empty lot of a small park at 1:00AM. The two lovers sat inside, and by 
the expressions on their face and the way the car shook when one started to rock back and forth, it 
was clear they were fighting. One would listen, and an expression of joy could be seen on his face, 
and then it would change as everything he thought he knew about himself was torn away. Her eyes 
would oscillate between hard and soft, understanding and condemning. She started speaking faster, 
arms waving, words twisting, her body a growing mass of poison, and he grabbed his head and moaned.

There was silence and he opened the door and stepped outside the car. He kept himself steady as he 
tried to understand the relationship between his body and his sense of self. Something changed and 
he had purpose in his eyes.

There was a sign that announced new features to the park. City construction providing a safe place 
for your children to play. Soccer started next month and karate lessons were underway. The light 
from the street reflected on the sign and into his eyes. He touched the sign and it was made of a 
strong wood. Solid. Pressed. Treated, to keep it from warping in the rain and the elements.

He pulled his arm back, muscles tightening, fist clenched, foot rotating slightly to use his body 
to increase the force of impact. When he made contact with the sign, there was an instant sensation 
of dizziness. He thought he was going to vomit. He staggered to a nearby bench and sat down and 
looked at his hand. His knuckles were gone. Back in the car he shoved his hand into a cup of ice 
water from McDonald’s.

In the emergency room she glared at him, “how could you do this to me.” But she didn’t understand, 
I didn’t do this to her, I did this to myself. I wanted to feel the pain. I wanted to hurt myself. 
Months of various acts of violence towards my own body culminating in a single point against an 
immovable object.

I realized then that I was my body. And I needed to save myself. I needed to leave. With her I was 
whole, but wholeness was death. With her I was complete, but completeness was the end. My body had 
become subsumed within her poetry so that I no longer existed as a body, but as the symbol of one. 
In finding the fractures of my being in the space of my fractured hands—bone fragments spaced like 
the
lines of my own text—I recreated myself. It was my first act of writing since I’d met her.
                          
And I held her 
and I rocked her 
and I sang to her 
and convinced myself that what I was doing was helping her.

But I was helping myself.
I was silent.
I was scared.
I was on eggshells.
I tried to tell her.
I gave up.                          
My father is my father.
I am made of him.
I was once part of his being.
When his father threw him against a wall 
for reciting the prayer:
Baruch atah Adonai elohaynu melech ha'olam asher kush meyn tokhes, 
               this is part of me.
When his father watched as soldiers 
shot his father and mother
blood staining the blood-red grapes of the vineyard, 
made him dig their graves before shoving him into 
trains,
             this is part of me too.

My body is made of fractures,
tears and tears.

I have to love him because I must love myself, 
my body.
When he slowly kills himself, With shots of McKormic,
               he slowly kills me.
When he saturates his life with misery and hoplessness, 
               he saturates me.
When he tells me he loves me, 
and he would die and kill for me,
and when I know that despite everything,
I can call him, drive to him, depend on him, 
                he creates me.

I am him.
                          
When midnight hit, I kissed her.
We walked to some chairs.
We kept kissing.
She went to the bathroom and couldn’t move her body.
Realizing what had happened, I took my 
friend to the back of the party, amongst 
the limestone rocks and palm trees.
“Slap me in the face as hard as you can.”
He didn’t hesitate.                          
“when narrative identity is unbearable, 
when the boundary between subject and 
object is shaken, and when even the limit 
between inside and outside becomes 
uncertain, the narrative is what is 
challenged first. If it continues nevertheless, 
its makeup changes; its linearity is shattered, 
it proceeds by flashes, enigmas, short cuts, 
incompletion, tangles and cuts. At a later 
stage, the unbearable identity of the narrator 
and of the surroundings that are supposed 
to sustain whim can no longer be narrated 
but cries out or is descried with maximal 
stylistic intensity (language of violence, of 
obscenity, or of a rhetoric that relates the 
text to poetry). The narrative yields to a 
crying-out theme that when it tends to 
coincide with the incandescent states of 
boundary-subjectivity…called abjection, is 
the crying-out theme of suffereing-horror. 
In other words, the theme of 
suffering-horror is the ultimate evidence 
of such states of abjection within a 
narrative representation. If one wished to 
proceed further still along the approaches 
to abjection, one would find neither 
narrative nor theme but a recasting of 
syntax and vocabulary—the violence of 
apoetry, and silence.”
-Julia Kristeva, The Powers of Horror                          
Sche had thes myndys and thes desyrys 
wyth profownde teerys, syhyngys, and 
sobbyngys, and sumtyme wyth gret 
boistows cryingys as God wolde sende it, 
and sumtyme soft teerys and prevy 
wythowtyn any boistowsnesse. Sche myth 
neythyr wepyn lowde ne stille but whan 
God wolde sende it hir, for sche was 
sumtyme so bareyn fro teerys a day er 
sumtyme half a day and had so gret 
peyne for desyr that sche had of hem that 
sche wold a govyn al this worlde, yyf it 
had ben hir, for a fewe teerys, er a 
suffyrd ryth gret bodily peyne for to a 
gotyn hem wyth.                          
There was no me.
I embodied her.
I became her.
Her fault was my fault.
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay                          
9/26/13
I’M SO FUCKING TIRED
She doesn’t let me sleep.
It’s psychological warfare.
My eyes grow heavy,
And I start to drift,
But I can’t trust falling asleep
Because it’s an injustice against her.
I’m leaving her alone.
She screams, cries:
How could you do this to me?
I only want to sleep.
Sleep is the comfort, my eyelids the barrier,
Curtains closing,
But the play never ends.
Sleep is the enemy of love.                          
